---
title: 2 Chronicles Chapter 25
description: In 2 Chronicles 25:15-16, King Amaziah hires soldiers from Israel to help in battle, but a prophet warns him to send them back because God is not with them. Amaziah listens and wins the battle. It shows the importance of seeking God's guidance.
pubDate: 2023-07-05
updatedDate: 2023-07-05
hero: "./images/devotion.jpg"
heroAlt: "The logo of Astro and Tailwind CSS"
---

## Scripture

  

2 Chronicles 25:15-16: The anger of the LORD burned against Amaziah, and he sent a prophet to him, who said, “Why do you consult this people’s gods, which could not save their own people from your hand?” While he was still speaking, the king said to him, “Have we appointed you an adviser to the king? Stop! Why be struck down?” So the prophet stopped but said, “I know that God has determined to destroy you, because you have done this and have not listened to my counsel.”
  

## Observation

This is the story of the final siege of the temple of Solomon in Jerusalem, Judah. This was not the first time the temple was attacked, as unrighteous kings of Judah had previously ransacked it to gain favor with other nations. Over time, the temple's loot declined, with the once-prominent gold and silver replaced by pedestrian bronze. However, the bronze became the most valuable part during the final siege, as the exceptional had disappeared.  


## Application

There are only a few possessions that I have that are significantly valuable. The New Testament speaks a lot about the insignificance of earthly valuables. The above passage is not about preserving earthly treasure. It is about preserving spiritual treasure. The successes that God brings, and the things I value, are not temporal but eternal. Now, the question is this, since satan is a thief, when he comes to ransack my life, will he find anything worth taking? Is my spiritual stock rising or falling? Am I upgrading, or downgrading, the "metal" in my life? I think a lot of that is determined by my grit, and that is answered in Christ Jesus. As I commit myself more and more to Him, to following His example and obeying His commands, committing my life to His will, more and more, my mettle is found to be the same as His. I want a target on my back because I have something worth stealing.


  

## Prayer

Dear Father, please help me to see my life clearly. Guide me to understand my heart's desires and what truly matters in my life. Give me the wisdom to recognize when I am focusing too much on insignificant things and losing sight of what You hold dear. Please teach me to prioritize what You value and let go of what You don't. I ask this in Jesus's name. Amen.