---
title: 2 Chronicles Chapter 26
description: I use SOAP method to engage with Scripture in a structured and meaningful way, allowing it to guide my actions, and strengthen relationship with God.
pubDate: 2023-07-08
updatedDate: 2023-07-08
hero: "./images/devotion.jpg"
heroAlt: "The logo of Astro and Tailwind CSS"
---

## Scripture

  

2 Chronicles 26:16: But after Uzziah became powerful, his pride led to his downfall. He was unfaithful to the LORD his God, and entered the temple of the LORD to burn incense on the altar of incense.
  

## Observation

This chapter tells the story of Uzziah, who ruled Judah with strength and faithfulness for 52 years. However, towards the end of his reign, his pride got the best of him, and he went astray. Although he didn't lose his throne, he was struck with leprosy due to his arrogant rebellion. His son took over the kingdom until his father's death. What's interesting about Uzziah's rebellion is its hint of righteousness. He was burning incense to God, an act of worship, but he did it on his own terms instead of the LORD's. Instead of repenting, he argued for his righteousness when the priests confronted him. It wasn't until he was struck with leprosy that he realized the arrogance of his heart.
  
## Application

I went through a similar experience as Uzziah did. As I grew older, I became stronger, and my faith in God became less important. Sometimes I wonder if I am meant to go through struggles so that I can still feel the need for God. I want to say that no matter how easy my life becomes, I will always seek God, but how can I be sure? Maybe God knows that if my life were easy, I would struggle to stay devoted to Him. Perhaps there is grace in struggles because they keep me humble and close to God.

  

## Prayer

Lord, thank You for saving me from my foolish pride. Please help me stay humble and devoted to You, no matter what happens. I am grateful for the challenges that come my way as they remind me to seek You. In Jesus's name, I pray. Amen.