---
title: 2 Chronicles Chapter 27
description: In 2 Chronicles 27:2, we see Jotham, the son of Uzziah, become king of Judah at the age of 25. He ruled for 16 years and did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, following in the footsteps of his father's early reign before his pride got the best of him.
pubDate: 2023-07-13
updatedDate: 2023-07-13
hero: "./images/devotion.jpg"
heroAlt: "The logo of Astro and Tailwind CSS"
---

## Scripture

  

2 Chronicles 27:2: He did what was right in the eyes of the LORD, just as his father Uzziah had done, but unlike him he did not enter the temple of the LORD. The people, however, continued their corrupt practices.

## Observation

When you read the Chronicles, you'll see that some kings do well, while others don't. It's a bit of a rollercoaster through history. Some kings don't raise their sons well, and as a result, the son fails. Other kings do a good job with their sons, and the kingdom prospers. Uzziah was a great king until he made a prideful mistake by entering the temple. Fortunately, he taught his son Jotham well, even warning him to avoid his own mistake. However, Uzziah's mistake had already led the people astray, so Jotham had to deal with corruption during his reign. Despite Uzziah's good intentions, his mistake still caused grief for his son.  

## Application

Jotham refrained from entering the temple of the Lord, which could symbolize his humility and respect for God's sacred space. In my life, I should practice humility, recognizing that there are higher powers and things beyond my control. I should stay mindful of my actions, thoughts, and words, ensuring they are aligned with my principles.

## Prayer

Lord, I apologize for my mistakes and ask for your mercy and forgiveness. I'm grateful that Jesus sacrificed himself to pay for my sins. Please help me remember that my actions affect me and my family. I ask for your grace in the negative impact I may have had on their lives. Thank you for the blessings you've given us so far, and I pray that you continue to watch over us and our family. In Jesus' name, Amen.