---
title: 2 Chronicles Chapter 28
description: In 2 Chronicles 28:22-23, we see that King Ahaz did not listen to the warnings of the prophet Isaiah and continued to worship false gods. As a result, God allowed the king of Assyria to defeat him and take many of his people captive.
pubDate: 2023-07-16
updatedDate: 2023-07-16
hero: "./images/devotion.jpg"
heroAlt: "The logo of Astro and Tailwind CSS"
---

## Scripture

  

2 Chronicles 28:22-23: In his time of trouble, King Ahaz became even more unfaithful to the LORD. He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him; for he thought, “Since the gods of the kings of Aram have helped them, I will sacrifice to them so they will help me.” But they were his downfall and the downfall of all Israel.

## Observation

This passage tells us that Ahaz was going through a tough time, but instead of turning to the LORD, he became even more unfaithful. He didn't fear God, so he didn't respond to God's discipline in the right way. He thought that false gods had given Damascus the victory, but in reality, it was because of his own infidelity that the LORD was against him.

## Application

Our responses to life's circumstances are determined by the posture of our hearts. Our view of God as our heavenly Father, sovereign Creator, and righteous Judge play a crucial role in shaping our responses. Even if we have success, ease, and happiness, we can still have a sinful reply if our view of God is wrong. On the other hand, if we face hardships, lean cupboards, or poor health, a proper view of God as a Father who disciplines those He loves can lead to a repentant and faithful response.
  

## Prayer

Lord, You are the only one who has always existed and is holy from the beginning. You are a good Father, a righteous King, and a faithful Redeemer. Even when I strayed from You, You never stopped pursuing me. Thank You for the grace You have shown and continue to show me. Your love is evident in everything You do in my life, and I pray that I always recognize it. Help me to see Your hand in every circumstance, whether easy or hard. Protect me from the enemy's deception and remind me that my well-being can only be found in You. Please discipline me to be a faithful and pleasing son, steward, and servant. In Jesus's name, I pray. Amen.